Change project's self-description (#575)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/reference/glossary.md

    Read /nɪks oʊ ɛs/ ("Niks Oh Es").

> Nix platform
>     The set of components that combine to create the official Nix ecosystem:
>     Nix, Nixpkgs, NixOS.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nix platform
    The officially supported software components that form the basis of the {term}`Nix ecosystem`:
    Nix, Nixpkgs, NixOS.

Nix ecosystem
    Products and services based on the {term}`Nix platform`.

```

Should also define Nix ecosystem there while we're at it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nix platform
    The officially supported software components that form the basis of the {term}`Nix ecosystem`:
    Nix, Nixpkgs, NixOS.

Nix ecosystem
    All products and services based on the {term}`Nix platform`.

```

I think we should keep "the" as they are definite. How about "all" for the ecosystem?
